Clickr & Automatr 0.1
=====================

Clickr is a high-level binding library of the Flickr API for Common
Lisp.  Automatr is an application for automating various tasks in
Flickr which utilizes Clickr.  I've written about both on my blog:

  http://schani.wordpress.com/2006/07/20/lisping-flickr/

To use Clickr or Automatr for yourself, you'll need, apart from a
Common Lisp implementation (I've only tested it on OpenMCL), the
following packages:

* ASDF

  http://www.cliki.net/asdf

* via ASDF the following:

  http://www.cliki.net/S-XML
  http://www.cliki.net/S-XML-RPC
  http://www.cliki.net/trivial-sockets
  http://www.cliki.net/Trivial-HTTP
  http://www.cliki.net/CL-PPCRE
  http://www.cliki.net/MD5

You'll also need to get your own Flickr API key and shared secret
which you'll have to put into "my-config.lisp", as well as your user
name.

The function "request-authorization" in "flickr.lisp" uses this line
to open a URL in a browser:

    (run-program "open" (list url))

If you're using OpenMCL on a Mac this'll probably work for you.  If
you're not, change it to whatever will make your system open that URL.

If you want to use Automatr you'll have to edit the rules in
"automatr.lisp".  They should really be in a separate file, but I was
too lazy to make it so.  Most of the rules probably won't work for you
because you're not a member of the groups in question, and some won't
work for sure because you can't add photos to my sets.  I suggest you
delete all the rules and write one or two simple ones for yourself, so
that you get a feel for how it works.  It'll also speed Automatr up.

I use "load-flickr.lisp" to load the whole package.  To make Automatr
do its thing, do

  (defparameter *my-actions* (login-and-make-actions *me*))

After that you should have a file "actions.html" which contains a list
of all the actions Automatr wants to carry out.  To actually carry
them out, do

  (apply-actions *my-actions*)

If you have comments, bug-fixes or improvements to Clickr or Automatr,
please don't hesitate to email me!

Have fun!

Licence
-------

Clickr and Automatr are free software distributed under the terms of
the GNU General Public License.  The file `COPYING' contains the text
of the license.

-- 
Mark Probst
mark.probst@gmail.com
